#LyX 1.6.6.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrreprt
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{url}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\language american
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family rmdefault
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\headheight 1cm
\headsep 0.5cm
\footskip 0.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
In conclusion, I demonstrate with my thesis, the challenges of the web based
 physics analysis development environment, 'VISPA@WEB'.
 I used various packages like the PXL class collection or Java Script libraries
 to fulfill this task.
 During its implementation, I introduced concepts like the analysis session
 handling for a parallel operating client management or a multiprocessing
 job system.
 I also performed a dijet analysis with recent CMS data to demonstrate its
 capabilities.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
The new possibilities
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first implementation of 'VISPA@WEB' shows great potential for a new
 way to perform physics analyses as it has never been before.
 Its graphical overlay and clarity even represents an abstraction from a
 physics analysis written in a complex programming language like C++ and
 redirects the user's focus back to physics.
 Nevertheless, the underlying PXL class collection assures to handle analyses
 with any degree of complexity e.g.
 from a simple 
\begin_inset Formula $Z^{0}\rightarrow\mu\mu$
\end_inset

 up to a complex sinlge top analysis
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Geros_dipl"

\end_inset

.
 Furthermore, the concept supports physicists to work effectivly together
 by exchanging their analyses within an institute or over the web.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everyone who may be interested and facinated in prototyping, performing,
 and verifying a physics analysis is now simply able to do so with his web
 browser.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ifnum
\backslash
value{chapter}<1
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "references"
options "amsplain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
fi
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
